Update shell_command.markdown (#26756)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/shell_command.markdown

This integration can expose regular shell commands as services. Services can be called from a [script] or in [automation].
Shell commands aren't allowed for a camel-case naming, please use lowercase naming only and separate the names with underscores.

> Note that the shell command process will be terminated after 60s, full stop, there are no options to alter this behaviour. This is by design, because Home Assistant in not intended to manage long-running external processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the shell command process will be terminated after 60 seconds, full stop. There is no option to alter this behavior, this is by design because Home Assistant is not intended to manage long-running external processes.
```
